Hello? Hello.
Good evening sir. Good evening, sir.
Your voice is loose, sir. Good evening, sir.
Yeah, good evening. Good evening sir.
It is better now, sir.
Okay, so you're able to hear me now? Yes sir.
Okay. Okay, fine.
Okay, so 22 people have joined till now.
So today I will just revise whatever we
have done at unit one.
We are closing unit one today.
Let me share the screen.
So, uh, all of you have executed the Python notebook.
I have given.
Yes sir, sir. But last week, sir, Python notebook, uh,
we didn't get still.
Mm. I have shared last, uh, witness days class Saturday.
I did not take any class. Uh,
Not last Wednesday, sir.
I think it's um, the before week.
You've shared it in the chat, uh, from the LMS.
Uh, that's not in a readable format.
We're unable to access it.
Oh, in LMS it is not readable.
Uh, I think that's uploaded in a different format.
Uh, so it should be uploaded as IP IPV file
or Python file.
Mm-hmm.
But anyhow, only one, uh, program I have shared last week.
It contents everything.
The previous classes also this program I have shared. Right.
So in the previous classes I have discussed about the
environment and then uh, uh, your
policy, uh, how it is expressed in Python and all.
So this one, file contents, everything for unit one.
Okay,
Sir? Only till policy
evaluation it's shared.
Uh, policy improvement file is
Not Not shared.
Not shared. Okay. Okay. I'll send it today. Okay sir.
Policy evaluation.
It has been shared, but policy improvement
has not been given to you.
Yes sir. Okay,
let me check my last mail.
Sent
December 10.
Yeah, policy improvement this has been given to.
Okay. Okay, fine.
I'll tell her to do this again.
It has been shared already to her.
Okay. Okay.
So today I'm going to do the revision of whatever I did.
So there are two important algorithm that is covered in the
uh, unit one.
One is called policy iteration.
Other one is called value iteration. Value iteration.
I have not shown it explicitly. I'll show you today.
Value iteration is similar to policy ization,
but it does everything in only one.
Uh, I mean you don't have any policy evaluation policy
improvement for the value algorithm.
Okay? Okay.
So this is what we have been discussing till now
that given any policy how we can evaluate it.
Once we evaluate it, we can change any given policy
in any one or two cells.
The actions direction, we can change,
we can get a new policy
and then again we can evaluate the new policy.
Okay? So that is what we have discussed in the initial days.
Then next question came up that if we can think
of changing the action direction in one
or two cells randomly, that is going to be random
policy searching, which is going to be a very,
very daunting task
because suppose you have 16 cells here in each one
of the cell, you have four directions to be chosen, okay?
So you have, for each cell you have four direction.
So like that, if you think about the parameter
and combination, it is going to be four
in every cell.
So four multiplied by four, like that 16 times.
So four will be part of 16.
That is going to be a daunting task.
So why should you configure?
Why should you consider any policy randomly?
So that is why policy address and algorithm has come up.
Just a minute is follow
me, give me a second.
Hello
Sir. TA has
uploaded the policy improvement in the same file.
Uh, zip file. It's there.
It's there, Okay. Okay,
Fine. So it has been
uploaded last week,
I think on 11th.
Ah, I have shared it on 10th.
So on 11th, 10th was last Wednesday.
Yeah, 10th was last Wednesday.
Okay, so you can run it on yourself.
Okay, so basically what is, uh, what has happened,
I just realized it today.
Value ation, I'll get into after few minutes. Okay?
So instead of generating new policy randomly,
we need some kind of definite algorithm which
will generate a new policy.
That policy should be better than the previous policy.
That is why policy algorithm has come up.
Okay? So for doing a policy iteration,
it has two phases.
One is called policy evaluation,
other one is called policy improvement.
So policy evaluation means by the help of the V function,
we just evaluate what is the value
for living in any particular cell,
Okay?
And then policy improvement.
That algorithm takes the help of the Q function.
Q function means, uh, in case of policy evaluation,
given this policy, we evaluate what is the value
for living in a particular cell.
But Q function takes into account about
for every cell,
it'll take the di all possible direction of the action.
So four direction is possible here for every direction.
It'll find out what is the value for me
to live in a particular cell
and having committed to a particular direction of action.
That is what is called Q function, A comma A. Okay?
So living a cell,
I'm taking one particular direction of action.
Then under that direction of action,
what is the value that I can get?
So you have in every cell, you are going to get
four values like this, okay?
The four values you're going to get it,
it illustrates that under,
let's say I'm into this cell, I'm into this cell.
My policy was this policy for every cell,
I get four values out of that,
whichever is the highest value,
that is the optimum direction.
If I take into that direction of action,
my key function of value is going to be the highest
inside this particular cell, this particular state.
Okay? So by that I decide that which
is the next direction of action in the next policy
that I'm going to find it out.
So I started from this policy, I do the policy evaluation,
and for doing the policy improvement, I take the help
of this Q function.
Now, if you look at in this Q function value, like
for this cell, this cell in the original,
I mean in the previous policy,
my direction was on right hand side,
but right now I can see in the, in this particular state,
the down direction action, that value is 0.76 the highest.
So in the next policy, I will just move this direction
to be in the downside.
So that has been the change.
So this is called new policy, so, or called improved policy.
So now in this improved policy,
I rerun the same policy evaluation and queue function.
I will get another direction for any other cell.
So like that I will be getting a better
policy at every time.
So policy improvement will ensure that the new policy
that you are generating is going to a better policy.
Okay? So that is what has been discussed so far.
So today's the discussion is about value ation.
I'm not retelling everything.
All this thing has been told last plus itself. Okay?
So what is value?
So in this policy improvement algorithm, you see
that is available in the page number 21
of the chapter three PDF policy improvement algorithm.
It takes
Policy improvement, it takes the uh,
the environment file, the environment is given here, the V
and then you are going to be uh, come up with a Q function.
There's a two dimensional function for every state,
all possible actions, okay?
And then you are going to find out the value for Q function
using the equation already described.
After that, whichever is the maximum direction of
action produced at the highest value is going
to be picked up by using np do org max, okay?
NP org max of the QQ is a two
dimensional metrics give two dimensional metrics
and the argument of maximum to be applied on the axis one.
That means on the column side.
On the column side we specify what are the possible actions.
Okay? So we find out for every row what is the maximum value
of the column.
So that is your action direction.
So we put it as a, um, your dictionary, that's it.
This is a policy improvement.
So then after that policy improvement, you are going to,
while doing policy ation,
you call the policy evaluation function policy ation
function within a loop.
That loop is counting a new policy you are generating
by using policy improvement
and this loop is going to end only when you are going
to get a convergence criteria meeting.
That means a new policy and policy
and the old policy has no difference.
Okay? So,
so today I'm going to, now I'm going
to discuss what is called value.
Okay? So value ation,
it came later than, uh, I mean as the evolution
of this enforcement learning is concerned,
this value hydration algorithm has been originated
after policy hydration has been all came into force, okay?
The main reason was although they both produces same result,
they do not produce different result.
The main reason was only thing,
there is only one reason here.
That is we are having two times
this look at, we are calling policy evaluation, and then
after that we are calling policy improvement, okay?
So in any case, in policy improvement, we are going
to be using Q function.
Okay? So those people who have proposed, uh,
value alteration, they say
that why should you call two functions?
Can we have a one single function that can do that job?
So, so what is the basic function?
Actually the mathematical expression.
The mathematical expression is we want
to find a better policy all the time.
Okay? So policy means given a state,
what is the action to be chosen.
That is called policy. So, uh,
we write our policy to be in case
of policy evaluation.
How do we write our policy?
Let me write here.
Here is that how do we write our policy,
the policy basically given a particular state,
what is the action to be chosen?
So you are mapping from a state to where action, okay?
So the mathematical expression is the argument
for which this expression takes a maximum value.
Okay? So this expression is basically what
is basically your
Summation of of the positive.
Hmm? This call weighted sum weighted
by the probability of getting into the new state of a death,
given that you are presently living into the state of ace
and committed a action called a, okay?
So given that action has been committed at a state of ace,
you are going to get this reward plus of next, uh,
states value available to you, do the submission, okay?
And this submission is the value
for every action you are choosing under which action this
value becomes the highest that is your policy, okay?
In other way, whenever we are writing value function,
okay, look at the expression for value function.
It is, this is the expression,
but expression for the policy function is
this submission will not be applicable only
the particular action that produce this rest
of the function to be the highest.
That particular action is your policy, okay?
That is the only difference. So for doing that
in case of value iteration, okay?
Since the value is getting computed,
that is why they have kept the name as value tion.
So in that, what they're doing that is the value
computed at the k plus one iteration for the state of A.
That is going to be expressed in this the same function,
but the action for which this is the maximum,
this part is maximum that is called the value computation
for computation of value ation algorithm.
Okay? So yeah, I just rightly taken so
that you should not feel confused
because will be closing this unit one
page.
So for value activation, we require the computation of
value function.
Okay? So look at
whenever we have written value function,
The value function item, it computed at the iteration
of K plus one.
We have written it like this value function
for living in a particular state of A, okay?
So having chosen a particular action,
this is, what is that called?
Given a, the prob of choosing the action of A.
So once you have chosen action, then what you do, then
you do a transition from a
to a desk, okay?
The action is chosen is A, so for doing that,
there is a submission coming up
because under action A, you may be landing up
to many other states.
So this submission is over a DS
and this submission is word A.
Then you have a reward.
Then gamma multiplied by value function at
the state of a desk one tion has reduced.
Okay? So this is what we have been using till now
for value function.
But in case of, so this is the topic,
this is the traditional way to write your
traditional value
column computation, okay?
But in case of value, we are going to find out the optimal,
the objective here is
to find out the optimal value function.
Okay? So here we'll write it like this,
VK plus one.
This is not about optimal
because this is averaging over all the possible actions.
Okay? So whenever we talk about value function,
this is the hello function way of writing.
So in that case, we'll try to
not argument, this is
just the maximum,
The action for which the following
expression is the maximum.
Uh, this is the following expression,
okay?
So that is the only difference.
So you may have a confusion,
that's why I have written it separately
because we are trying to find out the optimum, uh, optimal
the optimal value function in
case of value
algorithm.
Okay? So here this part is not required
because if you take this submission, that means
that you are averaging for all possible action
and here it means that you consider only one action,
compute this whole value, keep it in a memory,
then consider another action for the same state.
Keep it in memory. So you have four possible action,
you have four possible values you are getting Now find out
what is the maximum among all those four compute it,
store it here and I relatively you are
computing this value from ation K.
You can initialize this at the V zero of
as everybody two B zero.
Using that, then you can keep on increasing iteration
1, 2, 3 of two.
So this is the value function computation
for the ation as well.
Okay? So that is the only expression
that has to be understood.
So here is the same uh, thing.
Only thing I did not write here.
Two dimensional information in case of state next state
and reward, because we are considering the,
for a part particular next state, your reward is constant,
but here in this case, they have considered,
even if you get into the next of a desk,
your reward can be different for each
and every isde.
However, we have not considered it here.
We have considered only isde here.
So difference between our, my, our expression here,
we have not considered any variable reward here.
Whereas here they have considered variable reward. Okay?
So this one is to be now written into Python.
I will just go to notebook.
I will share this notebook to you, is the final notebook
for this unit one class.
So till now I have shown you right there last class policy
ation, you run the policy ation,
your algorithm is going
to be finishing only when you have converts to a
optimal policy, okay?
And that optimal policy, you get this new pie,
then you just evaluate this new pie, okay?
Then you print what is the value for each and every thing.
That is what we have finished in the last class, okay?
In today's class, this is value iteration.
Write it here.
So let me run it here.
Then I will tell you what is the meaning of this.
This, there is nothing but,
okay, so if you look at, I have started from,
I did not rename it.
I think value is the environment
is the gamma factor,
Long value
Ram.
Okay? So let me go
and start from the beginning itself.
So we have this uh,
frozen lake environment again, okay?
Then we are going to
define the policies.
The random policy initialized the random policies at a
sale of zero, right?
Left, all this has been randomized randomly initialized.
Then policy evaluation.
If I run policy evaluation on the random pie, I get a
value for living in each and every state.
Okay? Then I am going to print the value
for living in each and every standard is
this print state value function.
This is the function. It'll take two argument.
The first argument is,
the first argument is the output
of policy evaluation,
and the second argument is the environment.
So if you print the state value function,
you are going to get these values
for living into each and every state.
Okay? These are the values
for living in each and every state.
This is for a random policy.
Then I have a greedy policy for greedy policy.
The policy is given here, right? Right.
This is the greedy policy basically.
Yeah. So this is the greedy policy, right?
Right down left,
right, right down left.
Then uh, is down hole down like that.
So down this down like that. So there is the greedy policy.
This policy is printed over here.
Then you would do a policy evaluation.
You get this V function.
This V is basically two dimensional metrics for every state.
What is the value? This is the print value function.
We accepting the V function and then policy.
It'll print you this value function.
Then the careful policy, we define this
to be careful policy.
Then we can run the value function policy evaluation
for the careful policy.
We get the new values, not new value, the value
for living under the policy of careful policy.
Okay? After that last class,
I have also shown you policy improvement.
You take any particular policy.
So policy improvement takes
this v as a argument.
V means the value function available to, uh,
the value function is basically your
metrics for every state.
What is the value for living into that particular state
and then the environment,
it'll do the policy improvement based on finding
out the queue function.
Okay? So the queue function,
whichever action is producing the highest queue function,
that action is mapped over here as a new policy.
Okay? So we can
run this policy improvement on the V function.
We get a new policy over here,
and then again, you can run a policy
evaluation on the new policy.
You get a value evaluation for the new policy.
Use that value evaluation to find a better policy
by using policy improvement.
It can do it. Okay? That is how we run the policy.
After running the policy ation,
what is the output we are getting?
We are getting the final policy that is the optimum policy
under which you will not find any better policy
after you have got your optimum policy.
So what is the, uh,
what is the state value function under
the optimum policy?
You just run the print state value function
using the value function computed by the policy evaluation.
Okay? So this is that. Now look at what is policy.
In case of policy activation, we are going
to code only this part.
Look at here
policy improvement.
So we are going to code only this part, okay?
Now tell me what is the meaning of this part from here
to here, this submission.
What function can we think of this, this function,
this part, this submission,
because that is going to be reused in this code every time.
Can anyone tell me
Value of a particular state?
Sir, please repeat the question, sir.
Okay, the question is
this expression tell me what is the
usual convention that we write?
Probability of isde. It is this,
Yeah, priority of that, that uh, given
state and action.
Um, condit conditional action. Yes.
Multiplied by reward,
Reward, reward plus bama function plus, uh, value of that
Value, yes. Dash
of the S dash Q function, sir?
Hmm? Yeah. What is the name of this function?
Uh, Q, Q function, sir? Yeah, this is Q function. Yeah,
R rmax, No, rmax is not there.
It is just Q function. This is just Q function.
Okay, and arg max of
r max of
QS comma arg max OA.
What is the meaning of this function?
Policy improvement, new policy. Hmm.
Yes. That is your
New policy function.
New policy is assigned to that.
Okay, so new policy. Basically, I will write it like this.
So a new policy is optimum policy.
No, no, no, no. New policy
that is better than the previous policy.
Optimum policy is
When value Start. If
you run this for hundred thousands of ation,
when you are getting convert,
that means you are not getting any better policy.
That policy is called optimum policy.
Yeah, right? So this is PA
of a assigned to this, okay?
This assignment operator.
So pa of face means, let me keep it barrier here, okay?
This is separate
Policy at state X.
Yeah, that means policy at state of ace is the
ARG max over a, that means all possible action.
You consider and compute this function, whichever
argument is producing the highest queue function.
That argument only you are going to store it here.
You don't store the maxim you store,
you don't store the value of the function,
you store only the argument.
Okay? Yeah. Yes.
Whereas here in this case, in the value added, uh,
value ation, we storing the value of the function, okay?
So the value of the function we're storing
because we are going to use this,
we are redefining this iteratively, this vk, this vk,
we are redefining I iterably.
So only when this is converging,
that means you value function is no longer increasing any,
whenever you are increasing the iteration,
the value function is not increasing.
That is a convergence criteria for the value function also.
So when you finish up this algorithm, now you run this again
to find out the policy, take them arax for the action,
store it in the policy, okay?
So you are going to see this usage
of this into our Python code.
So you are going to take help of this queue function
into the Python code.
Okay? So this value ation is a function,
it takes argument of the environment.
Gamma, gamma.
Here we have written one you can configure to 0.9 also.
Okay? Three is the, is configured to be
10 power of minus 10.
Okay? Now here, this v is basically
what is the value?
Value of particular state, sir?
Uh, value for living a particular state.
So it is a two dimensional metrics.
Uh, no, it is a single dimension.
I mean it has only the number of states
for every state we are computing the value, okay?
Then you have Q function.
We are defining it to be two dimensional metrics.
The number of row is equal to the number of states,
and number of column is equal to the number
of action possible for each and every state.
Then you start this loop.
This is under the finite loop.
Then you start this fall loop.
Then look at, there are three fall loop here, okay?
First follow loop is for all possible state.
Second, follow for all possible action
in the particular state.
Third fall loop is from ace, your transitioning
to a desk under the influence of action of a,
so you can get into multiple a desk.
So that is why this follow-up is required.
That is the transition.
Because of the transition, you need
to take care of another follow-up.
So under every next state possible,
you just compute this Q function.
Qs A, is it two dimensional metrics?
We'll compute this, okay?
Compute this story tender the action of a.
Then again, A is changing because this is inside this loop.
Action A is changing.
So you get a new, uh,
you get a queue function for the new action, okay?
Like that you are scrolling.
Basically, this is what we are doing here,
here in this, this part.
We are doing it here, okay?
This part is done over here.
It is a submission. Under the next possible state,
this submission submission on the next possible state
for every next possible state transition you take into
account of r plus of gamma multiplied by this
that is given here, reward plus gamma multiplied
of this while not done.
While not done. Basically what?
When you heard you have not reached the next step to VA
terminal state till the time you have not hit the terminal
state, this loop will be going on.
Okay? So after that you have found out this queue function.
Then you as I, you find out
what is the maximum, hello possible.
Okay? So this is the convergence criteria.
If you are not getting improved value function,
then you come out of the while loop itself, okay?
Otherwise, you'll be inside the while loop.
When you, you are inside the while loop,
you apply this argument of computing.
The we function, we function is basically hot here.
This, this expression, this expression, maximum
of this thing maximum under the action A.
So that is this computer hot here, the V
you are applying a maximum argument, not,
not ax only the maximum argument
for the queue,
and you are finding the maximum
among the all possible actions.
So you have to specify under which access you are finding
the maximum, okay?
You have computed the value function here.
Then you just compute the new policy
that you're getting a new policy.
The same thing in p do org max,
because you have to find out from here
the policy is org max, okay?
Org max for QS comm I.
That is what is given here for the Q function.
What is the argument that is producing the maximum value?
Okay? So this is, I have three times follow,
whereas in case of policy improvement
and all, if you look at the policy
ation, I don't have too many follow-up inside it,
inside the wild, uh, the infinite loop, okay?
But if you look at policy improvement algorithm,
the policy improvement, I have also these three
follow loop
Because, uh, uh, logic is same.
There is no defined logic.
So we have this value ation algorithm.
Now you can find out value, iteration, value function,
and value ation pi.
Okay? Now, what is the print policy? If you run it ation.
So your optimal policy is lift, lift up
your optimal policy.
If you look at optimal policy,
your optimal lift lift up
here, hole and here, upside hole down,
right upside hole down, right?
Okay. Then in this, uh, state, it is
upside up.
Left, left down.
You look at, here it is up lift, lift down, okay?
In the last column, it has
upside alone.
It has upside alone. That's it. Okay?
Now you can find out the policy evaluation for this,
use this B function to do the policy evaluation
on that,
where the policy evaluation function
or the other one, it takes, um,
the policy ion the pi, p and comma,
policy, policy
evaluation,
IP and comma.
So you have 5, 4, 9.
You can show it in I think number of column, right?
Yeah, I see. Okay.
Print state value, print state function, this one
print state function.
Yes.
So you have got this values,
this value will be
Same as your,
what is the output there showing here?
Eight six here. Here, seven four here.
Had eight, six here, seven four, okay, look at here.
This is 0.86
and this has 0.74 13 has 0.74.
Before that nine cell,
nine cell has 0.64, 0.64.
Okay? So that is how you get it.
You can tell this whether this is matching with your
policy or not.
So policy attrition, yeah, same thing you look at here,
8 6, 7 4 6 4,
and the first cell is 9 4 9 8, 8.
Yeah, it is 4 9, 8 8, okay?
So the, ultimately you will get the same thing
only in case of value.
You are running it, everything inside a single loop
and not single loop inside a single function.
Whereas in case of policy at it would require policy
evaluation and policy improvement to be run, okay?
However, running time as far as running time is concerned,
value iteration takes more time than policy iteration.
Okay? I prefer policy iteration,
then value iteration, okay?
This completes today's class and also unit one.
You have any question you can ask me,
Sir? Why? Uh, preference
is more for, uh, policy ation
because of more number of followups in evaluate?
No, actually in evaluat,
you look at here it has three follow loop.
Yes, Sir. These three follow loops are repeated in, uh,
policy improvement algorithm.
This policy improvement algorithm, if you look at
policy improvement algorithm, this is a policy.
It also has three follow, okay?
But because policy evaluation
and then policy improvement happening, hmm?
What happens is th this uh, policy running time is less than
policy, uh, than ation.
There is a theoretical proof for it,
which is not part of this course.
As of now. This
takes more time to converge.
Yes. So we have completed unit
one next class on what I'll be getting into.
Uh, you don't have the full knowledge of your environment,
like this environment.
I'm providing it, providing it to you.
This is the ready made available to us,
this environment fight, okay?
This frozen lake, this
transition from one state to another state
with the particular probability
that knowledge is not available to us
only we can do some transition.
Take all possible transition, find out the end of your game,
then you get a value.
So part tape reward, also not given to us, okay?
So that is called model free
reinforcement learning till now.
Whatever we completed in mod unit one is called model
based reinforcement learning.
So let me give you this, uh, file now itself. So that
download,
Yeah, see
I will share this to uh, we
chat window and then I mail tot also
chat history is maintain right,
Uh, at our site.
It is not maintenance, sir. Maybe
If I send it in the chat, he will not be able
to retrieve it if you log in at later point of time.
No, no sir.
Those who are available
and can download right now, no, only
are available to those peoples.
If for example, uh, yeah,
So, but, but it better to have it in the lms
Then I'll send It.
Yeah, I'll send it to
Upload it to lms.
It'll be better because the chat, it's always,
Always,
okay, let me send it
by email now itself so you have any question.
You can ask me
The value function, uh,
why can't AX is not used only by max function
Or value function?
Yeah, just a
minute,
just type in.
Okay, so what is your question?
Why can we use in case of hello function,
why Max is used, right?
Yeah. Okay.
So a value is basically it is dealing with the
value of a state.
If I want to live in a particular state, what is my value?
It is a into your
number, okay?
Okay. So I need to use Max argument,
not the argument, not the argument max.
Whereas in case of policy, it is a mapping from a state
to a particular action.
Okay? So it is a pr mm-hmm.
Policy is basically a PR from, it is a function
that will map, if you give a state, it'll produce you
what is the action you should take it.
So it is not a inte value to be
provided by the output of policy.
Whereas in case of value,
if you provide any particular state, I want to know
how is my value for living in the state I should get
is it's,
It's basically a,
Whereas in case of policy, it is out
of four possible action, which action you want to take it
right up down like that.
Okay. And one more thing.
You asked me to share this, uh, whiteboard I have,
I'm not able to share it because I have saved it here.
I have saved it here, but it is,
Uh, Missing.
Uh, sir, next time onwards, uh, maybe you
Can try Microsoft, uh, whiteboard that you can store
Easily.
Microsoft whiteboard. Yeah. Yeah,
I have taken it, uh, yeah, I have taken it, uh,
It, I have Taken it, but it is not showing me.
Um, The files are not available.
I save it here right now. Export this.
Send Save file,
Save file All page.
It is not saving.
Uh, You need one? Yeah, I already saved it.
Basically it is,
I'm not able to open it.
Uh, whenever I am
It.
Sure.
It might be in pictures, sir.
Pictures of that. Yeah, it's right. So
Whenever I click connect, it is showing really bad format.
This Is showing up.
Nothing can be seen from here.
Very bad condition.
Okay, I'll try Microsoft whiteboard. It is freely available.
Yeah, yeah, it is free. Okay.
Okay, fine.
Okay, so we can close the class sooner now, right?
The class notes, sir, uh,
the link will be activated today for submitting
No class note.
You, it'll be activated.
It'll be closing only on Sunday, I think, right?
So by Sunday, sir, we'll be having four classes, right?
Today, tomorrow, last week's class also,
we have not submitted sir.
Ah, yes, yes. So we'll submit four of them together.
Together, yes. Yes, sir.
Last week's class, we have already submitted TA
enabled for us.
Yeah, last week is already done.
Last week we'll be three classes. Last
Week, one class was there for which we have submitted,
the other other class was not happened and didn't
Happen. Ah, yeah.
So only one class was there. Excuse. So we
Updated that in last Sunday.
Uh, I think, uh, the following week it'll be for
that two classes, which will be having in this week.
So I think, uh, Saturday,
this Saturday there will not be no class, right, sir?
No, no. Saturday class will be there.
Last week I was not here.
That's why this Saturday, this IMMER program is right, sir,
this Saturday, no class.
Why? Yeah, no class will be there. We got class. Yes.
All of us are coming to the campus
and there is a campus immersion program.
Oh, okay. Oh, I did not, I mean, I forgot it actually.
So today tomorrow's class will be there, right, sir? Yes.
Tomorrow class will be there, yeah.
So then Saturday class will be happening
as a makeup class in sometime later, I think then?
Yes, sir.
The last, uh, weeks, uh, is this class we,
I have not submitted because I talked it to be on Sunday
and Sunday's class got canceled.
Okay? Okay. Okay, fine.
I'll, uh, tell the tier to open it up.
Okay. So then Saturday unit,
this unit one is you are referring is chapter three only?
Yeah, chapter three. Gotcha.
Okay. So then Saturday and Sunday will be here, right then?
Yes, sir. That's sir. Yes, sir. Okay, fine.
Okay. So any other question you have, yeah. Yes.
Updating on Sunday
or it'll be, um, available earlier than that.
Um, It'll be made available from I think, uh,
tomorrow onward because the schedule
time is from witness day.
This is a special class.
Okay. And also, sir, a few
of our friends will be in campus,
so I'm not sure whether they will able
to attend the quiz or not, sir.
So, uh, we have to plan. We can think of it.
Oh, so your quiz is happening.
Uh, I mean the closing time is Sunday night, right?
9:00 PM Yeah. Yeah,
They will be traveling, sir.
I'm not going, but many peoples are going.
They will be traveling.
Okay. So in that case, uh, when
after the witness witness this class, right?
So witness day night, uh, 9:00 PM on,
or I mean, not 9:00 PM uh,
so witness the night somewhere in 9:00 PM onward.
It'll be opened up. It'll be opened up till since Saturday.
You are going to be here, right? So let it be open till
Sunday so anybody can attend it before Sundays.
So Wednesday class content, whatever is there,
that will be the, is content.
Sure. I think, yeah, that will be good.
Yeah. So Witness day class is over then from 9:00 PM
of witness day till Sunday
of 9:00 PM the quiz will open for you.
The content will be on two days and tomorrow's class. Okay?
Yes. Yes. Okay.
So this class I was not informed.
I don't know that this class is there.
I just by chance joined
and I don't know where,
where was this informed that today we have a class?
It was not there. Your mail,
it was there in the WhatsApp group.
It was in the email as well. Yeah, officially.
But in any case, uh, though, those who could not attend,
don't worry about it because it is only very small portion
of the content that is value at which is subset
of your policy ation itself.
So you have not missed too much.
I have shared, uh, you are going to get the code, okay?
And, uh, you need three file already shared to you, right?
This file, uh, chapter three, chapter three, pdf, okay?
Yes, sir. We got it. Yeah.
So you'll read about that file.
You have not missed any vital thing. Yes,
Sir. Is the TA
there? I would like the class, uh, video
to be uploaded soon because TAs take their own time.
Mm-hmm.
It'll take, I think tonight it'll get uploaded.
Ta Madam. Sir, are you there?
Yes, ma'am. You'll update,
upload this right file tonight?
Uh, yes ma'am. But ma'am, uh,
I'm not uploading any video, uh, recording in. Yeah,
Actually it is taken care of our backend team.
So they, they have a scheduled time. They upload it.
Okay, sir, then. Thank you, sir.
So, uh, ta uh, uh, I would like to ask, uh, the TA question,
like will it be, uh, enabling the link for last class class?
No submission because Sunday, uh, class was canceled
and I was not aware that the link was opened on Sunday.
Okay. Actually, one student mailed me so that I have,
uh, informed him like, uh, sat, uh, on Sunday.
I have enabled the link for class note submission.
Don't worry. I will enable it
and I will close that link, uh, tomorrow.
Okay. So to today, you'll enable, right?
Uh, we, I can upload for last,
Uh, today, right now only I'm enabling the link.
Okay? Sure, sure. Thank you. For last week.
And was there any quiz last Sunday that,
did you enable any quiz also last Sunday?
Uh, last Sunday there was a quiz.
Okay. We, I missed that too
because the class was canceled.
Uh, actually another TA is uh, uh, like, uh,
handling this quiz part and I am handling the submission
class note submission part.
Oh, so if the class is canceled, that's,
that's the problem actually.
Like it, that's what,
that's the concern I raised last class.
If one class gets canceled, then we missed for two.
So it should be on a part class basis.
So the class Sunday, there was a quiz,
Like a class cancel or anything you can mail me
or ma'am, anyone you can mail and get the update.
Okay.
Oh, I think it should be the other way
around. Like if there's a,
No, this practice is correct, only
Which practice?
Uh, regular, ongoing one on,
No, but if a classes cancel and still a quizzes held
and, but most
Of the people, most of the colleagues are, uh,
have attended this one.
Well, it was not informed, right. Class cancel and it
Was informed by
Yeah, I did not, I was also, I I,
okay, I didn't see,
and I missed both the quiz and the class note
Anyway. They're not, uh,
uh, uploading, uh, linking
That. No, they're, they're
enabling the class link.
Only the quiz is gone, right?
Uh, I think sir Gone.
So it's, it's not a fault of the student, right?
If the quiz, you conducted a quiz,
even when the class was canceled, then it's not a fault
of the student and you'll get penalized just like that,
That it's nobody's fault, actually.
Yeah, the class got canceled.
Nobody is getting penalized. The, the every
Week the quiz, uh, quiz will be done.
Okay. Every week you
Have to attend that.
But this is coming now only, right?
If you are canceling the class, then you,
it should be informed that only the class is getting
canceled, who is, and class notes will be there.
Because the normal assumption is
that if a class is getting canceled,
that corresponding things are also getting canceled,
which is Right means if I'm not making sense, that's,
it's a different thing.
I'm speaking logically,
But in any case, you have, uh, so basically,
uh, we have 14 quiz.
Is that 14 weeks or 14 quiz to be attended?
Correct, sir. Hmm.
So in
any case, uh, going forward, it'll be like this
or those who have missed the quiz
last week, class cancel lesson.
I, I think we'll have to follow the dashboard on the day.
So it's being updated there?
No, it was not there in the dashboard also
because I had, it was not on the
dashboard, it was not on the mail.
Also,
It's there in the dashboard I attended.
Right. And I uploaded it all.
It's there in the dashboard actually.
Basically I was able to see that instead of following, uh,
any, uh, updates over the WhatsApp
or something, dashboard is fine with what I get.
I check this and I found it
and I have got for me at least. Mm-hmm.
But in any case, what I'm saying is every week you have
to attend the quiz since total number
of quiz is going to be 14.
Okay? Correct. So you follow that? Yeah.
Now that the communication is there,
then it is fine from next week on,
but for last week's, uh, it was an unnecessary confusion
and for no fault of mine, I will be penalized.
But most of the people have, uh, attended it.
She luck for them. Okay.
Okay. So for this week, as I told, uh, you going
to get the quiz is done.
I link will be open from, uh, tomorrow's class onward.
And your submission time is till, uh, till Sunday night,
9:00 PM Those are coming to the campus
because the content is going
to be till when this class only.
So you can attend any time from Wednesday to Sunday.
Okay. Same time you can upload your class note also.
Okay. So then we can wind up to this class then.
Thank you, sir. Okay. Okay. Thank you.
Thank, thank you, sir. Thank you, sir.
Thank you.